In the last lecture we created our X-ists instance.
Now it's time to be able to send the requests there.
Now let's figure out where we do this.
Well in our Bergere Boulder container there we have this method where we handle the chase continuation.
Right now we're showing this you continue allert.
Now of course we don't want to show you continue in the final application.
We probably want to navigate the user to some check out for him.
We haven't learned how to load different pages in our single page.
And yes pages in our single page apps sounds strange you'll see how that works soon.
And we also have learned how to handle a form input how to validate this and so on.
So for now there will be a check out form.
We can simply take the order as it is and store it like this with some dummy data appended to it in
the database.
So to do that let's commet out this alert line here and instead of displays here I want to send my data
to my back and I want to make this HTP request so any Bergere bill of filed we should import our own
X-ists instance.
So I'm going to import x years from now I need to go all the way up to the root folder and there from
the X years orders js file is going to use our configured x' instance.
Now we can use that in the paper chase continue handler to send the request to our own packet.
Now for storing data we should use a post request and therefore we use the post method on that instance.
Now your L is of course now our base you are L plus whatever we're adding here.
And that's the cool thing about firebase eyes set that it uses as Mongo D-B like structure.
We don't actually have tables here.
We just have Jason like nested structure and if you send a request to something like this you are l
slash orders.
It's going to create our orders node and store our orders beneath that node.
And this is exactly what I want to do.
I'll add slash orders here and now for firebase only there is a special thing you need to add dot Jason
here.
This is the end point you just need to target for firebase to function correctly.
Of course in your next project you probably have your own back end or you use some average service and
you need to choose the appropriate end point there.
For firebase it's any node name of your choice datt.
Jason So that's the you or I want to send a request to d l which gets appended to my base your elbow
or the path which gets appended to our base your l.
Now we also need to send some data and that data of course should be our order for a given Bruegel configuration.
Now the burger configuration is stored in the state.
Here we have the ingredients we with the total price.
So we get everything we need here.
So that's super simple.
We can create a new order object a javascript object which has ingredients.
And here I simply want to use this state ingredients and which should have a price.
This state price total price excuse me and just a little side note of course for your production or
the application you should definitely calculate that final price on the server because you probably
have your product stored on the server there to make sure that the user isn't manipulating the code
before sending it and manipulates the price which you're using.
Still here I'm going to use that price again.
Be aware that this of course is not a set up you would use on a real app.
There you would recalculate the price on the server.
Now let's say for an order we also need some additional information which we can fetch right now because
we don't have a check out for him but which I still want to fill on the back end with some dummy data.
So there we have some customer data maybe so customer could be a javascript object where we have something
like a name.
So your does is Max Schwartz MILLER That's my name.
Choose your name of course.
Then we might have an address where we have something like street detest street.
You might guess that I'm not living there and like sip code rolling over the keyboard and maybe countries
for me that's Germany and feel free to add any additional data here.
We might have that e-mail address so let's test that tested dot com here.
And let's maybe add a number field next to customer delivery method which should be fosters so that
we have like a choice between fast possible delivery and cheapest or something like that.
So just some dummy order data.
Feel free to pick any data you want.
We'll later going to add a checkout page where we can actually fill those with some live by using a
form.
But for now let's simply build our dummy order like this does now is the order I want to store on the
back end.
So for the order year I'm going to pass this as a second argument for the post request.
So this is the data which gets sent to dis Poth.
And now let's add then Methot to see our response.
And I'm just going to lock the response here for now.
And that's all the ad the catch method where I also want to log the error for now.
We're going to update both methods in a second.
So let's see if this now works.
We got our post request in place.
We're sending a dummy order.
We set up the access instance and we created the firebase project.
Let's head over to our Bruegel application and let's build a burger here.
Maybe this one let's click order now.
And now up and continue the requests should be sent.
So let's continue and that's looking good.
I'm getting back a response status to 100.
So let's check out firebase.
It should update this page automatically and you should see the orders node in which you now see this
cryptic name here.
Now to use the post method firebase is automatically creating and managing a list here.
And each list I didn't simply get a unique ID assigned and created by firebase automatically.
If we expand this object we see the order data.
We actually passed with the address to customer data delivery method and the ingredients of the burger
and the ingredients looked good to me.
Meat salad bacon that looks a lot like the burger we actually built here.
So that's pretty great.
We got our burgers saved on the back.
We got our orders saved here.
And the cool thing is of course that this data is staying here.
If we reload Yep we reload this HDMI file and therefore of course lose the application state because
the javascript state is gone.
But of course our state on the server is still there.
So now we could fetch the orders and output them to the user.
And in a real application we would also as a producer rest the business owner.
We would also probably handle the orders now and send that burger to the customer.
So that's a POST request.
Before we go onto error handling and debt stuff let's make sure that we also present something to the
user whilst the request is on its way.
And then let's make sure that we also get some data from the back end.